feat: implement import logic for Zarf Values (#4427)
zarf-dev/zarf: site/src/content/docs/ref/components.mdx

Some package level fields from imported components will also be merged with the importing package.  These fields will be processed from the first component to the last component in a Zarf package definition.

| Kind                       | Field(s)                 | Description |
|----------------------------|--------------------------|-------------|
| 'name'd Globals            | `constants`, `variables` | These fields will match on `name` building up a map as components are processed (starting with the importing package definition).  Any names that already exist will be skipped so the parent or an earlier component import will take precedence. |
| Un'name'd Primitive Arrays | `files.values`           | The importing package definition's array will be appended to the end of the array from the imported component's package definition.  Elements will be reappended regardless of whether they already exist in the array (since merge order impacts the final values). |

> | Global Behavior            | `files.schema`           | This field will always take the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Un'name'd Primitive Arrays | `values.files`           | The importing package definition's array will be appended to the end of the array from the imported component's package definition.  Elements will be reappended regardless of whether they already exist in the array (since merge order impacts the final values). |
| Global Behavior            | `values.schema`           | This field will always keep the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |
```

> | Global Behavior            | `files.schema`           | This field will always take the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |

Author: I did briefly consider schema merging - my thoughts though were to basically follow a similar tact to how values files are merged where parent keys would override child keys within the JSON.

This would need to be handled specific to the jsonschema format but for example:

`$defs`, `patternProperties` and `properties` would replace by key so if a parent redefined `Constant` here it would replace the whole definition under that key: https://github.com/zarf-dev/zarf/blob/092b72117457b4777d3a879831dcd39cfde75af0/zarf.schema.json#L3 but if it was a new key it would just be merged into the map.

Strings in the schema (like `$id`, `additionalProperties`, or `description`) could just take whatever is in the parent.

There could be some other things to think about in there too (like what happens if someone mixed jsonschema versions) but that shouldn't happen since there is really only one non-draft currently published and folks should just use `2020-12` - Zarf maybe could also just hard-require a specific version.

> | Global Behavior            | `files.schema`           | This field will always take the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |

Reviewer 2: considering the component-to-package relationship - have we considered namespacing values and nesting the schema?

There is a lot to consider here - so if it has been covered then the current discussion should continue. Otherwise I am curious if it could be a valid alternative to isolate merge collision issues.

> | Global Behavior            | `files.schema`           | This field will always take the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |

Reviewer 2: Namespacing introduced more complexity than we want to pursue so I am not recommending that strategy.

Some package level fields from imported components will also be merged with the importing package.  These fields will be processed from the first component to the last component in a Zarf package definition.

| Kind                       | Field(s)                 | Description |
|----------------------------|--------------------------|-------------|
| 'name'd Globals            | `constants`, `variables` | These fields will match on `name` building up a map as components are processed (starting with the importing package definition).  Any names that already exist will be skipped so the parent or an earlier component import will take precedence. |
| Un'name'd Primitive Arrays | `values.files`           | The importing package definition's array will be appended to the end of the array from the imported component's package definition.  Duplicate paths are collapsed, with the first occurrence retained so the earliest position in the merge order is preserved. |

> | Global Behavior            | `values.schema`           | This field will always keep the value of the importing component's package definition (even if it is empty) |

Reviewer: Should we hold off on documenting this until we're sure this is the direction that we will take? I'd like to see us merge values schemas.

Reviewer 2: I'm good either way. It captures point-in-time accuracy and can be updated as the code changes. Depends on whether our philosophy for documentation is accuracy or consistenct-over-time.

Reviewer 2: As a point of context - this is going to be a good challenge to potentially solve. A couple options available but merging schemas turns the import lifecycle into a process that now has to store or hold intermediary state.

Today resolving imports is updating the in-memory ZarfPackage to hand to package assembly. Because schema is a single string (not a list) merging them now requires storing each or storing the merged state somehow. 

This will be interesting to solve and worth some isolation IMO.

Reviewer: Yeah definitely a separate PR to implement this. I'm fine with leaving as is for now.
